[Music]
23 child actors from horror movies you
won't recognize today horror movies
featuring children are among the
scariest but also the highest-grossing
films out there here's a list of horror
movie starring children to find out how
their careers developed don't miss the
top one a highly acclaimed actor whose
first big screen appearance was in a
horror film
number 23 John Franklin children of the
corn 1984 the part of Isaac kroner in
the screen adaptation of a novel by
Stephen King was the most successful in
John Franklin's career until recently
Franklin taught English but in 2015 he
quit and decided to get back to acting
number 22 Lindsey Han Village of the
Damned 1995
[Music]
even though Village of the Damned wasn't
particularly successful it can safely be
called one of the eeriest movies about
killer children
thanks to Lindsay Hahn who played the
children's leader Mara Chaffee today
Lindsay still act in movies and also
writes soundtracks
number 21 daveigh chase the ring 2002
[Music]
davay chase Samara Morgan from the ring
kept her acting career going after the
famous horror movie on top of that Vevey
sings and voices cartoons in her free
time she enjoys riding number 20 Linda
Blair The Exorcist 1973
[Music]
Linda Blair received a Golden Globe
Award for the role of possessed girl
Regan MacNeil her career wasn't very
successful after this though she was
nominated for a Golden Raspberry six
times in 2006 she briefly appeared in
Supernatural
[Music]
number 19 Jodelle Ferland Silent Hill
jude al is known not just for the role
of sharon and Alessa in Silent Hill in
2009 she started in another horror movie
case 39 since 2015 she has been working
on the science fiction series dark
matter
[Music]
number 18 Emily Browning ghostship 2002
the part of Katie Harwood in ghost ship
is one of many on Emily's record in
addition she once declined an audition
for the role of Bella Swan in Twilight
today Emily Browning makes music and
stars in the series American Gods
[Music]
number 17 isabelle fuhrman orphan 2009
the role of the infernal girl esther was
one of the first ones in his Abele's
career and made her a celebrity in 2012
she appeared in The Hunger Games and
then in the movie south 2016 based on
her novel by Stephen King
[Music]
number 16 Miko Hughes Pet Sematary 1989
the role of gage Creed that initiated
Miko into cinema is not the only one in
his filmography he appeared on the
series Melrose Place and Beverly Hills
90210 but never made a successful career
number 15 Spacek Kerry 1976
[Music]
spacek who played carry in the
eponymous adaptation of Stephen King's
novel received an Oscar and three golden
globes during her career in recent years
she rarely appears before the camera
among her last works were the film the
help and the series bloodline
number 14 Ivana Bacaro Pan's Labyrinth
[Music]
for the role of Ophelia the Spanish
actress Ivana Vaquero
was selected from a thousand contenders
what's interesting is that the scrip had
to be rewritten for her since the
original character was supposed to be
three years younger
currently Ivana stars in the TV series
the shannara chronicles'
number thirteen kirsten dunst interview
with the vampire 1994 the role of
Claudia in interview with the vampire
was a starting point for Kirsten Dunst
successful career she has been nominated
for an Oscar and Golden Globe and has
made over 80 appearances in cinema
apart from filming person is actively
engaged in charity number twelve
annasophia robb the reaping 2007
[Music]
the part of Loren McConnell wasn't the
first success for annasophia robb who
also performed in Charlie and the
Chocolate Factory
today she continues to act in movies and
also studies at New York University
number eleven Simas Davey Fitzpatrick
The Omen 2006
the young actor who played Damien in the
sequel of the classic omen from 1976
wasn't aware that he was portraying the
son of the devil
[Music]
today Simas is pursuing an acting career
but works mainly in TV series
number ten Cody Dorkin Village of the
Damned 1995 another young character from
Village of the Damned
he played Robert who did not become an
actor but his life is still directly
related to cinema Cody Dorkin owns a
cinema studio and searches for young
talent number nine Louise and Lisa Burns
The Shining 1980 Lisa and Louise who
played the Grady twins at the age of 10
never acted in films again
moreover they believe that the role had
a negative impact on them since several
schools turned their applications down
because of shooting however that did not
stop Lisa from becoming a lawyer and
Louise a scientist
number eight Dakota Fanning
hide-and-seek 2005
[Music]
the part of Emily in hide-and-seek is in
no way at the top of Dakota Fanning's
record today the actress is only 23 but
the list of her films and awards is
rather impressive apart from acting
Dakota works as a model and presents
collections of famous fashion designers
[Music]
number 7
Roger Prince F the orphanage 2007
[Music]
Roger played Simone in the Spanish movie
the orphanage that received seven Goya
Awards
he is now pursuing a career in acting
[Music]
number six say your C rollin lovely
bones 2009 in lovely bones say or C
played the part of Susy a girl killed by
a maniac
her career is going fairly well besides
numerous nominations for this role and
others
the actress received several BAFTA and
Golden Globe Awards
number five christina ricci The Addams
Family 1991 playing the gloomy Wednesday
Addams made Christina Ricci one of the
most popular teen actresses of the early
90s despite the fact that she doesn't
have an education in acting for filming
careers going very successfully and in
2015 she landed the main part in the
series Z the beginning of everything
number four chlo grace moretz the
Amityville Horror 2005
her first success in acting came to
Chloe after the role of Chelsea in the
Amityville Horror which became the
starting point for her career among her
works is the role of Carrie White in the
remake of the 1976 movie Carrie as well
as numerous TV series
[Music]
number three Alex Vincent childsplay
1988 the role of Andy Barclay in the
movie about the deadly chucky doll is
the most notable in Alex Vincent's
cinema career besides the 1988 movie he
also appeared in sequels that came out
in 1990 and 2013
number two kunio Valverde The Devil's
Backbone 2001 in The Devil's Backbone
who neo viverridae played the ghost of
Santi a boy who died several years
before the events of the film he is
still acting there are roles on TV
feature films and short films on his
record number 1 Johnny Depp a Nightmare
on Elm Street 1984 Johnny Depp's career
started with one of the most popular
horror movies of all time a Nightmare on
Elm Street in the 1984 film he played
Glenn Lantz one of the teenagers who
fell victim to Freddy Krueger
[Music]
by the way who's your favorite actor or
actress share your preferences in the
comments don't forget to hit the like
button below the video and click
subscribe to join us on the bright side
of life
[Music]
you